the stock market is extremely vulnerable
a pin drops in the distance and the
market makes a mess of itself even when
the market has gone higher and higher
fundamentally there has been no reason
to support this even Warren The Insider
Buffett said the worst reason to buy a
stock is because the price is rising
unfortunately
every time the FED steps in at such a
late time to calm the heat down the
market surely
crashes you came here for the truth
let's look into this today the Federal
Reserve expected the hike rates perhaps
when you're watching this video that has
already happened but let's go in here
take a nose dive right into this
information I want to talk about gold
Bitcoin I got a whole bunch of stuff
today number of fed hikes by decade what
an interesting scenario you know you
look at the 60s and moving into the 70s
you'll see obviously 35 times very high
but look in the last 10 years you've
seen two and they have been such
marginal
rates and that's not really taken to
account at this time but in the last 10
years
practically nothing
has changed in the interest rates of
course if you factor in inflation you
get a different picture Al together fed
tightening usually ends with a financial
event and there are many over the years
obviously you'll see going back to
1915 they're just basically showing you
that generally when the Federal Reserve
increases interest
rates it follows by a crash what I would
note is that the Federal Reserve starts
acting in these small increments it
happens every time very small increments
too small it needs to heighten those
interest rates at a faster pace and do
so um bigger rate jumps but it never
does and as a result we have the same
problems over and over again and you
look at what had happen I mean interest
rates had to climb all the way to
20% to get to where they needed to and
that shouldn't really need to happen but
that's just the way it
is all right then you're looking at the
87 crash you're looking at you know all
these different things and every single
time
particularly since let's say 80s it's
just every single time that's the way
this works and I would suggest to you
that once again they are making the same
mistakes interest rates taking too long
to rise up and when they do so they do
so in too small of an increment it's a
very very big mistake but shouldn't
surprise anybody this right here is
showing the price earnings ratio as well
as long-term interest rates so the red
line
you know what happens 1980 it spikes up
and ever since then it has been coming
down when you look at the price to
earnings ratio you
find you know a time frame you may know
of it it's 1929 sort of a big event
happened around that time and you seeing
that the PE ratios are approximately the
same yet again
30 is
way way overvalued sure we're not in the
do boom but that was a whole different
scenario altogether in relation to the
PE ratios I mean it went to literally
absurd that doesn't even make any sense
what had happened there but the economy
was more sound at that time so there's
it's not just you know I'm going to look
at the PE ratios to determine if the
stocks will decline no no no that's one
indicator
that is one and it shows to everyone
who's paying attention stocks at this
time are overvalued look at what's going
on in India we saw with uh the
restrictions Capital controls that were
taking place a lot had changed there was
this understanding that gold would be uh
limited and everything but that was
January's numbers look at February
India's February gold Imports surged
to 50 tons up more than 82% from a year
ago people are rushing into gold right
now in India pent up Jeweler demand and
as realer uh retail consumers ramped up
purchases for weddings and uh it goes on
the rise in Imports by the world's
second biggest consumer of the precious
metal will support Global prices that
are trading near their highest level in
3 and 1/2 months but could why
the country's trade deficit and it goes
on this is important to note because
obviously what you have in India being
the second largest consumer is that a
lot of gold is purchased by the
individual we're not talking about the
central banks we're not talking about
investment companies and everything else
we're talking about people buying High
carat gold and that is a very very big
thing when you're talking about
you know tons and tons of it all at once
it's it's a big news looking at a chart
with this here is really the reason I
show you this India gold physical
premium to
spot remember you look at the spa price
what are you seeing well you're not
seeing the physical gold although a lot
of times you can just go into the bank
or go into the precious metals dealer
and you can get you know gold is at
let's say $1,000 an ounce and you can
get it for
$1,020 and that's let's say a fair
estimate usually but there are these
occasions this in particular they've
circled it here in green where the
premium is dramatically higher and what
if it wasn't just you know a few pennies
higher what if it became double what if
it was Triple you know you don't know
what's going to happen that's my point
so when people look at this price of
precious metals you really really have
to remember and this
is a lot of the times I don't like
to read about this information where
they say you know gold because of this
and that or whatever gold is going to
reach this much per ounce and silver is
going to reach this much per ounce
because you're talking about Futures
markets you're not talking about
physical
Metals the price can go
astronomical it can hit the roof and
break through and go
beyond and it's not necessarily because
of the spot price it's because of that
premium so I think it's important I
think it's great I think it's bullish
for gold but I just don't like to see
this kind of thing this talk you know I
find it's a lot of times sort of a
marketing Ploy you know gold is going to
go to $50,000 an ounce watch my video
buy gold for me
Etc Bitcoin and
gold
reached
parody this is very interesting I've
covered it here on the channel as I'm
sure you've been seeing the price has
been steadily Rising on bitcoin and gold
has remained relatively stable and uh
all I wanted to note here is that there
is this symbolic connection here I don't
necessarily think that much will occur
because of this convergence in the price
of gold and Bitcoin but I do think
symbolically people will feel that okay
Bitcoin is worth more than gold so
that's all I wanted to suggest by
that this is a river which I believe is
in between you know the sort of that
France area to Spain area and it is
where you know
this basically this green dye is
floating in the river people are
freaking out what do they come out and
say that don't worry everything is just
fine it's just a test don't worry about
it it's totally safe yes it's
fluorescent green yes it's probably
going to kill you but don't worry it's
non-toxic
and how many times we have to hear this
garbage coming out of the media coming
out of the government when they tell us
that I mean were you around during 911
when they said the air was safe to
breathe then they later had to come out
and admit oh yeah uh unfortunately a lot
of people died because
that dozens of students in one Minnesota
school district were ordered out of
their class because they failed to show
their uh immunization their
vaccines so they couldn't prove prove
that they got all the vaccines they
needed and they were kicked out and this
is the type of thing that happens all
the time I do believe as a parent you
should get the opt out forms type in the
name of your state or your province that
you live in maybe even the city's name
and then you type in opt out vaccine
form or a waiver vaccine waiver you need
to do that you need to fill that
information out and in most cases you
know fine after your kids are going to
be able to go to the school so don't
believe what they say that it is
mandatory in most cases it is
not if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you will find my book that myy
GPS even more informative you can look
through this book actually if you go to
Amazon they have a look inside feature
that will allow you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like it
take
care